Some clarifications on stateful repositories around persistence context (#1421)
jakartaee/data: spec/src/main/asciidoc/repository.asciidoc

==== Persistence contexts

> A stateful repository operation applies to a _persistence context_, a set of managed entity instances in which at most one instance represents a given record in the database. Persistence context can span multiple repository operations, such as all operations performed within a transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stateful repository operation is always performed in a _persistence context_, operating on a set of managed entity instances in which at most one instance represents a given record in the database.
A given persistence context might span multiple repository operations. 
For example, a persistence context often spans the operations performed within a given transaction.
```

- A persistence context is never shared across transactions.

> A query method of a stateful repository which returns an entity type always returns managed instances belonging to the persistence context in which the repository operation is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A query method of a stateful repository which returns an entity type always returns managed instances belonging to the persistence context in which the repository operation is performed.
```

The annotations `@Save`, `@Insert`, `@Update`, `@Delete` are used to define stateless repositories and must not be used to declare lifecycle methods of a stateful repository.
Instead, this specification defines the special lifecycle annotations `@Persist`, `@Merge`, `@Refresh`, `@Remove`, and `@Detach` for declaring lifecycle methods of stateful repositories.

> A lifecycle method annotated `@Remove` or `@Refresh` only accepts managed entities associated with the persistence context under which the repository method is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lifecycle method annotated `@Remove` or `@Refresh` only accepts managed entities associated with the persistence context in which the repository method is performed.
```
